Release notes for 2.18.1 (#12899)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

- Enable event streaming from `PrefectCloudEventSubscriber` via CLI  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12796
- Update the `prefect automation delete` CLI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12876

#### Engine
- Add new experimental engine for tasks and flows with improved readability and extensibility — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12856

### Documentation
- Improve installation instructions  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12783
- Improve quickstart  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12798
- Migrate `prefect-azure` docs to Integrations section of the Prefect docs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12794
- Update storage guide credentials blocks — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12819
- Remove `server` import recommendations — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12823
- Remove link to removed API page — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12824
- Add Azure Container Instances worker guide — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12846
- Improve wording on integrations index page — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12852

#### Prefect UI Library

> - `FormattedDate` component to display accessible, long-form timestamps consistently. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `FormattedDate` component to display accessible, long-form timestamps consistently
```

- Update modal buttons and add auto-close to the parameters and job variable modals — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2320
- Add flow run list information density — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2321
- Fix "Run a deployment" action not populating the default parameters from the deployment — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2322
- Fix schema form properties with no default value from defaulting to `null` (`None`) — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2323
- Update date-fns and date-fns-tz — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2319
- Use correct icon colors for non-destructive actions in the UI  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2328

### Integrations

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Enable event streaming from `PrefectCloudEventSubscriber` via CLI  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12796
- Update the `prefect automation delete` CLI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12876

#### Engine
- Add new experimental engine for tasks and flows with improved readability and extensibility — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12856

### Documentation
- Improve installation instructions  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12783
- Improve quickstart  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12798
- Migrate `prefect-azure` docs to Integrations section of the Prefect docs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12794
- Update storage guide credentials blocks — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12819
- Remove `server` import recommendations — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12823
- Remove link to removed API page — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12824
- Add Azure Container Instances worker guide — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12846
- Improve wording on integrations index page — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12852

> ### Integrations

Reviewer: I think this heading should go down above Prefect GCP

#### Prefect UI Library

> - Feature: `FormattedDate` component — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2329

Reviewer: Is there a way to make this sound more user-facing?

Author: I can come up with something.

> - Enhancement: Update modal buttons and add auto-close to the parameters and job variable modals — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2320

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update modal buttons and add auto-close to the parameters and job variable modals — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2320
```

> - Enhancement: flow run list information density — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2321

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add flow run list information density — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2321
```

maybe?

- Fix "Run a deployment" action not populating the default parameters from the deployment — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2322
- Fix schema form properties with no default value from defaulting to `null` (`None`) — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2323
- Update date-fns and date-fns-tz — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2319

> - Use correct icon colors for non-destructive actions.  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2328

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use correct icon colors for non-destructive actions in the UI  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2328
```

> - Feature: `FormattedDate` component — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2329

Reviewer: this is a dupe

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.18.1

### Fixes
- Fix improper context access for nested async task outside of flow — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12810
- Fix using default interval schedule in `prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12833

> - Fix a bug in the schema validationUpdate where definitions are falsy — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12880

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Handle cases in `validationUpdate` schema where definitions are falsy — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12880
```

- Allow `prefect cloud login` to override current workspace — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12867
- Remove extra quotes in `prefect deployment run --watch` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12894

### Experimental

#### Events and Automations
- Support filtering by automation name:
    - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12850
    - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12884

>     - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12887

Reviewer: nice ❤️

> - Add support for using the "normal" Trigger classes for flow.serve and .deploy — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12789

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for using the "normal" Trigger classes for `flow.serve` and `.deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12789
```

what is meant by "normal" here?

Author: Not sure, I can look.

- Add an account-level event subscriber — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12808
- Emit flow run state change events — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12825
- Emit deployment status persistence and events — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12853
- Enable Event Streaming from PrefectCloudEventSubscriber via CLI  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12796

> - Update `prefect automation delete` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12876

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the `prefect automation delete` CLI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12876
```

#### Engine

> - New experimental engine for tasks and flows with improved readability and extensibility — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12856

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add new experimental engine for tasks and flows with improved readability and extensibility — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12856
```

is this worth mentioning? we don't usually highlight experimental stuff, but jw

### Documentation
- Improve installation instructions  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12783

> - Quickstart and other documentation improvements  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12798

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve quickstart  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12798
```

- Migrate `prefect-azure` docs to Integrations section of the Prefect docs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12794
- Update storage guide credentials blocks — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12819
- Remove `server` import recommendations — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12823
- Remove link to removed API page — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12824
- Add Azure Container Instances worker guide — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12846

> - Better wording on integrations index page — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12852

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve wording on integrations index page — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12852
```

### Integrations

#### Prefect UI Library
- Update date-fns and date-fns-tz — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2319
- Enhancement: Update modal buttons and add auto-close to the parameters and job variable modals — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2320
- Enhancement: flow run list information density — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2321
- Fix "Run a deployment" action not populating the default parameters from the deployment — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2322
- Fix schema form properties with no default value from defaulting to `null` (`None`) — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2323
- Use correct icon colors for non-destructive actions.  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2328
- Feature: `FormattedDate` component — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2329

> - Release 2.8.14 — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2330

Reviewer: oh this I think was autointegrated from the UI library. @collincchoy do you know if all these PRs are needed/if there are any more to include?

Reviewer: @bunchesofdonald we should probably order by importance too, I see a feature in there

Author: Good call, I can do that.

> - Release 2.8.14 — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/2330

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Prefect CGP
- Remove API ref to nonexistent Google Cloud Run V2 page — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-gcp/pull/260
- Fix VPC access for Cloud v2 worker — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-gcp/pull/266
- Handle case where `vpc` isn't in job template — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-gcp/pull/267

## New Contributors
* @keizobabybear made their first contribution in https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/12852

**All changes**: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/compare/2.18.0...2.18.1

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
